# Tutorial-3
I had already met the requirements for the original challenge, and did not have to change anything to meet them. However, I moved enemies closer together in both levels to make the game easier to complete in one minute or under. Collectibles are still in the same spots, however.
For visual changes, there are four new NPCs added to the game with animations. First, there is a trader with idle animations in both levels, as well as several rats with idle animations to emphasize the post-apocalyptic or desert setting. Finally, there are two NPC enemies, a cyborg with idle, shooting, and destroyed animations and a turret with a moving animation. This meets the requirements for the assignment by having four out of two required characters, each with its own animations.
For this assignment’s audio, I included several new features. Jambi now has a frog croak when talked to, and there is a whirring noise when picking up cogs. The new trader NPC also has a mumbling sound effect when talked to, and the several rats around the map can be heard squeaking. This meets the requirements for the assignment as it adds four sound effects for the only two required ones.
Finally, for gameplay changes, there is one new powerup and two new enemies. In the first level, talking to the trader NPC will reward you with a double speed boost powerup. In the first level there is also a turret enemy, which chases you and deals five damage, but cannot be destroyed. In the second level, there is a cyborg enemy, which shoots you when you get close enough and deals two damage. It can be destroyed, but it does not add to the fixed robot counter and wastes your ammo. I believe that all of these changes are significant and original because they create new and fun changes to the gameplay. The speed boost powerup creates an easy way to get around the eneies with the same speed, and introduces player to the game with a lower chance of them dying quickly. The new turret enemy adds more of a challenge to balance this, and shows the strength of the robots. The cyborg enemy creates a clearer increase in difficulty from level one to level two, and make it harder to fix the robots by always being near them. These meet the requirements by being three fun changes to gameplay for the required two.
